#Name Ahmed Almass 
#NSID:ana597
#instructors: Mark Keil , Kim Mackey, Marina Schmidt
(a) Red and Blue are working on an assignment together. Red emails her answer to Blue. Blue copies it and hands it in.
This is depending, if the instructor provided explicit permission of group work.

(b) Giovanni and Ash are enemies. Ash hacks into Giovanni’s user account, and copies Giovanni’s work forthe assignment.

They would both get in trouble, because Giovanni is responsible for securing his information.  

(c) Squirtle, Charry, Bulba, and Pikachu are a study group who have decided to work together on theassignment. Each of them answered one question, and then brought the answer to the group for dis-cussion. After a long process of discussion and analysis, in which all the group members participatedequally, they created a  nal answer to each question that they all copied.

This is depending on if the instructor provided explicit permission of group work.

(d) Brock and Misty just met in the lab. Misty has done some programming before, but Brock is a novice. Misty helped Brock  x his program so that it looked pretty much like her own.

They both get in trouble because Brock copied Misty.

(e) Jessie and James were passing through the lab when their friend Meowth stopped them and asked them for help  guring out why his program wasn’t working right. James and Jessie looked at Me-owth’s program and explained what the problem was and what was causing it. Meowth thanked them(grouchily), and proceeded to  x the error on his own.

 This depends if Meowth copied word for word, in which this would be consider plagiarism.

(f) Mewtwo and Lucario worked on the assignment together. Once they were fairly sure they understoodthe solutions, they destroyed all copies of their work. After playing an hour of Pokemon, they recreatedthe solutions to the assignment separately, from scratch, without consulting each other, or the notes they made.
 
Mewtwo and Lucario worked on it separately but learn with each other which is effective.
